Students enrolled
in the TCNJ MBA program focus in
on their specialized area of interest in their first
year getting them quickly up to speed on in-demand topics
like data analytics and strategy Innovation
and Leadership.
One of the key features of the MBA program at
TCNJ is the strategy Innovation and
Leadership specialization.
This specialization is designed for mid-career professionals
who want to explore three key components
of management that ultimately will lead to
innovative ideas products and companies. That
is NJ MBA program teaches me a lot of Concepts that
I learned in class. Then I use it for my clients
and teach them things. I just learned that same day. So it's
amazing that get to learn it and apply it within real time.
Strategy Innovation and leadership are critical
in business.
Strategy enables you to understand the environment detect
opportunities and formulate approaches
Innovation such as
for the possible for the different for what does
not yet exist.
Finally leadership is action being
a great leader requires understanding and a
desire to direct others with commitment and
integrity. I chose strategy Innovation
and Leadership because I want to move
my career to that next level.
I really want to be able to hone my management skills my
leadership, you know, you're never done learning
about being a better and more effective leader.
one Innovative feature of our program is that each course
has an Associated industry professional
this brings a level of connection to Industry that is not
common in most online and hybrid programs.
They just love what they do.
so pervasive
and everything that they do
their passion has been something that's really inspired me to stay
focused.
No matter who you are. What do you do or where you go these
three components of management will help you
succeed in your career.
Be a leader be Innovative be strategic.
Begin your journey with TCNJ today.
Visit us to learn more.